{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\vieww12860\viewh16440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 \
Dear Rafael Bello, Rafael Falcon and Jose Luis Verdegay\
Springer volume co-editors\
\
We would like to thank all editors and the reviewers for their well-appreciated and valuable comments about our work entitled: \'93Fuzzy Simulation of Human Behaviour in the  Health-e-living System\'94. A point-to-point reply to each comment is provided in the following text:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Reviewer\'92s comment:
\f1 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs18 \cf2 The authors planned to (a) employ a data generator to increase the size of the Heli dataset, (b) Add the HAPA model to the aforementioned data generator, and (c) compare their results to the results mentioned in [1].\
\
After reviewing the submitted book chapter, I have the following remarks \
\
(a) and (b) were successfully completed. I would request that the authors mention how many synthetic patient records were generated since the ratio of real records vs synthetic records seems relevant\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ul Answer:
\fs22 \ulnone . We have re-written the introduction and section 5 to address the points above. Three patients were simulated in the previous version of the paper to compare the simulated results with those in the real experiment. The three patients model the three main activities recorded by the real heli (weight control, nutrition and physical activity) with more than 1200 records per patient on average ( the number of real patient record entries was around 500 records average ). The size of data entries simulated was randomly selected by the tool while animating the modelled environment. For the new version of the paper we run an additional simulation including 25 patients, 5 coaches and 5 goals in order to get closer to the number of real patients and coaches who participated in heli. The results of the simulation were similar to those analyzed in section 5  (third paragraph) so we decided to focus in simulation with 3 patients for better use of the space and as it is easy to analyse. The ways to adjust the number of registered records during simulation to agree with those of the real life is currently under investigation\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \uc0\u9679 	Section 5,Third Paragraph:  \'93...
\b\fs18 \cf2 Finally, Figure 6 shows the results of the simulations with Disco for 367 days with the 3 patients, the coach and the Heli system shown in Fig.4. The average number of entries randomly generated was 2.4 times larger than the real data\'85
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \ul Reviewer\'92s comment:
\fs22 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs18 \cf2 \
(c) is unclear in my opinion. In the introduction, the authors write "The data simulated includes... the human behaviour model reported in [1]"  and "section 5 compare the results with those reported in [1] to demonstrate the advantages...". However, Section 5 does not make any specific references to the data from the Brailsford model. I suggest that the authors revise section 5 to make the comparison against [1]'s results more explicit.\
[1] Brailsford S.C. (2016) Healthcare: Human Behavior in Simulation Models. In: Kunc M., Malpass J., White L. (eds) Behavioral Operational Research. Palgrave Macmillan, London\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 \ul Answer:
\fs22 \ulnone  We have re-written the section 5, addressing each of the points mentioned above. Reference [1] was renumbered to [4] in the modified chapter.\
, \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \uc0\u9679 	Section 5, First paragraph, 3rd sentence:  \'93
\b\fs18 \cf2 While the generated \'85compare the results of the proposed approach with the approach reported in [4].
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \'94\
\uc0\u9679 	First paragraph, 5th sentence: \'93. 
\b\fs18 \cf2 The main difference between both simulation models is that proposed model includes motivational messages sent by the coaches to the patients based on the values of adherence while Brailsford model does not includes motivational messages.
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \'94\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs18 \cf2 \uc0\u9679 	
\fs22 \cf0 First paragraph, 7th sentence: \'93
\b\fs18 \cf2 The values of the bandwidth were 0.1029, 0.0497 and 0.0744 for the real, Braidford and proposed simulated data respectively. Both models used in simulation were simplified to not include users personal motivation to achieve the intended goal, however the inclusion of HAPA model in the proposed allowed to predict the user state based on the number of inputs over time.
\b0 \'94\
\uc0\u9679 	Second paragraph: \'93
\b As it is shown in Fig.5, the values of adherence are higher for the proposed approach (0:54+-0:32 vs 0:51+-0:32) and also the graph is closer to the experimental/real graph
\b0 .\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf0 \
\
Sincerely yours,\
\
The Authors.}